[#288] Add Token Stealing subsection to Tracking Tokens (#295)
AxonIQ/reference-guide: axon-framework/events/event-processors/streaming.md

The progress is kept by updating and saving the `TrackingToken` after handling batches of events.
Keeping the progress requires CRUD operation, for which the Streaming Processor uses the [`TokenStore`](#token-store).

For a Streaming Processor to process any events, it needs ["a claim"](#token-claims) on a `TrackingToken`.
The processor will update this claim every time it has finished handling a batch of events.
This so-called "claim extension" is, just as updating and saving of tokens, delegated to the Token Store.
Hence, the Streaming Processors achieves collaboration among instances/threads through token claims.

In the absence of a claim, a processor will actively try to retrieve one.

> If a token claim is not extended for a configurable time window, other processor threads are able to ["steal"](#token-stealing) the claim.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a token claim is not extended for a configurable amount of time, other processor threads can ["steal"](#token-stealing) the claim.
```

{% endtab %}
{% endtabs %}

#### Token Stealing

As described at the [start](#tracking-tokens), streaming processor threads can "steal" tokens from one another.

> You may regard a token as stolen when a thread loses a [token claim](#token-claims).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A token is "stolen" when a thread loses a [token claim](#token-claims).
```
... when a thread loses _its(?)_ [token claim](#token-claims).

Author: There's a chance to have multiple claims from the perspective of the PSEP, so I don't think _its_ works in that case, right?

> Situations like this internally result in an `UnableToClaimTokenException`, caught by both streaming event processor implementations and translated into warn- or info-level log statements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Situations like this internally result in an `UnableToClaimTokenException,` caught by both streaming event processor implementations and translated into warn- or info-level log statements.
```
Does this mean there are 2 implementations?

Author: Yep! The Tracking Event Processor logs messages slightly differently from the Pooled Streaming Event Processor.

> Where the framework uses token claims to ensure that a single thread is processing a sequence of events, it supports token stealing to ascertain event processing is not blocked forever.

Reviewer: Maybe "guarantee" instead of "ascertain"?

Author: That's a good suggestion, thanks! Will adjust it.

In short, the framework uses token stealing to unblock your streaming processor threads when processing takes too long.
Examples may include literal slow processing, blocking exceptional scenarios, and deadlocks.

However, token stealing may occur as a surprise for some applications, making it an unwanted side effect.
As such, it is good to be aware of why tokens get stolen (as described above), but also when this happens and what the consequences are.

##### When is a Token stolen?

In practical terms, a token is stolen whenever the _claim timeout_ is exceeded.

This timeout is met whenever the token's timestamp (e.g., the `timestamp` column of your `token_entry` table) exceeds the `claimTimeout` of the `TokenStore`.
By default, the `claimTimeout` value equals 10 seconds.

> To adjust it, you must configure a `TokenStore` instance through its builder, as exemplified in the [Token Store](#token-store) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To adjust it, you must configure a `TokenStore` instance through its builder, as shown in the [Token Store](#token-store) section.
```

The token's timestamp is equally crucial in deciding when the timeout is met.
The streaming processor thread holding the claim is in charge of updating the token timestamp.
This timestamp is updated whenever the thread finishes a batch of events or whenever the processor extends the claim.
When to extend a claim differs between the Tracking and Pooled Streaming processor.
You should check out the [token claim](#token-claims) section if you want to know how to configure these values.

To further clarify, a streaming processor's thread needs to be able to update the token claim and, by extension, the timestamp to ensure it won't get stolen.
Hence, a staling processor thread will, one way or another, eventually lose the claim.

Examples of when a thread may get its token stolen are:
- Overall slow event handling

> - To large event batch size

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Too large event batch size
```

When a thread steals a token, the original thread was _already_ processing events from the token's position.
To protect against doubling event handling, Axon Framework will combine committing the event handling task with updating the token.
As the token claim is required to update the token, the original thread will fail the update.
Following this, a rollback occurs on the [Unit of Work](/axon-framework/messaging-concepts/unit-of-work.md), resolving most issues arising from token stealing.

The ability to rollback event handling tasks sheds light on the consequences of token stealing.
Most event processors project events into a projection stored within a database.
Furthermore, if you store the projection in the same database as the token, the rollback will ensure the change is not persisted.
Thus, the consequence of token stealing is limited to wasting processor cycles.
This scenario is why we recommend storing tokens and projections in the same database.

If a rollback is out of the question for an event handling task, we strongly recommend making the task idempotent.
You may have this scenario when, for example, the projection and tokens do not reside in the same database.

> Or when the event handler dispatches an operation (e.g., through the `CommandGateway`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 or when the event handler dispatches an operation (e.g., through the `CommandGateway`).
```
I'd suggest combining this sentence with the previous one.
